well architected pillar
1. operational exellence (using infrastructure as a code, small revertible changes, automation, documentation)
2. security (apply security in every layer, strong identity foundation, centralize account & permission management, principle of least privilege, move away people from data)
3. reliability (scaling and elasticity, incident/failure recovery, recovery action, high availability)
4. performance efficient (be aware of aws services, use new technology, leverage serverless, don't complicated things)
5. cost optimization (pay only what you use, considered reserved and spot instance, use saving plan, monitor and track your resource usage)
6. sustainability (predict your business ROI, agile to change, scale only when you need it, predict new technology)


good cloud design principle
1. loose coupling: one service and another is highly independent
2. disposable: it's better to have resource that is disposable when not needed and easy to boot when we want to increase it. don't create huge monolithic and complicated system
3. automation: automate your tedious work so you can iterate and refine more often
4. scalability: easy to scale so you can mitigate increased of traffic as well as cost optimization

aws-IQ.txt
this is an aws freelance forum, you can register as an expert and customer can search in the pool of experts to help them
tackle their problem. customer aws credit will be charged and expert will be paid by aws

aws-architected-tools
this is an interactive tools/questionaire from aws to see your overall "well architechted pillar". Based on your answers, the tools can give you a recommendation of action that need to be done

aws ecosystem:
1. aws-blog
2. aws-community
3. aws-whitepaper
4. aws-quickstart
5. aws support plans
6. aws marketplace
7. aws training
8. aws professional service
    working with APN (aws partner network)
        consist of:
            aws technology partner: for hardware, software and OS related
            aws consulting partner: dealing with solution, architecture in the cloud
            aws training partner: help you to learn aws cloud
9. aws knowledge center: FAQ documentation
10. aws re:Post: stack-overflow like aws questionaire which is monitored by experts